(Ai)
Previously on
Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS...
Jin is your partner?
(Lightning)
That would imply
some form of kinship
that does not exist.
After Bohman brought him to me,
I imprisoned him deep
within his own consciousness,
so he's not going anywhere.
I, along with Bohman
will have to put
an end to humanity.
(Playmaker)
Now I understand
why Bohman's deck
kept getting stronger
with every meeting.
Because you two
were working together
and you were supplying him
with new cards.
Like JUDGMENT ARROWS.
(Lightning)You mean
the card that was used
to destroy the Cyberse?
That means...
the one who destroyed
the Cyberse was...
Lightning?
This was all
for the greater good.
Windy and I were planning
to rebuild the Cyberse anyway!
And not just any Cyberse,
a better Cyberse than before.
A Cyberse without
the threat from humanity.
But there can never be peace
when it's built upon lies
and aggression.
(Lightning)
This is war.
And I will end anyone
who stands in my way,
human or Ignis.
Let's go.
The Bohman you defeated
in the past
no longer exists.
allow me to demonstrate
my superiority in a duel.
And when I win,
I will take your Ignis.
It's time to Speed Duel!
(electronic whirring)
(Kolter)
Playmaker and Soulburner
got split apart...
And neither duel is gonna be
an easy one.
Time to begin our duel,
Playmaker.
And as a gesture of good will,
I'll let you go first.
Aww, thanks.
But no, thanks!
We know your whole duel strategy
is based on going second
so you can't trick us!
Well, well, Ai...
You've been paying attention
to our previous duels.
Then let's determine
the order another way.
Now follow me, Playmaker.
Hey! I give the orders
around here!
Playmaker! Follow him!
Let's do this.
Look, Ai.
We've gone back
into the fake Cyberse.
The one that Windy created.
(Ai)
Yeah...
But it looks real to me.
Too real.
And everything's breaking apart!
Keep it together.
Don't let your eyes deceive you.
I know!
I mean my brain knows...
But my heart knows that
this is exactly what happened
to the real Cyberse.
(Ai whimpering)
(Bohman)
No, it wasn't.
What?
(Bohman)
What happened
to your homeworld...
was far worse.
The spectacle you are seeing
before you, is nothing more
than a little taste.
Because...
the reality...
was even more bleak...
More devastating.
Stop smiling!
I can still see it in my head,
the ashes,
the smoke.
Everything burning.
It was magnificent.
(Ai)
Ya, know what would
be magnificent?
Me giving you
a Cyber Smackdown!
Don't let him get to you, Ai.
He's trying to make us angry
to throw us off our game.
But we can't let him,
we have to be sure
to stay in control.
I know, I know,
it's just that
he knows exactly
what buttons to press
to boil my bytes!
Since when did Bohman learn
to bust out the mind games?
Lightning did say that
his intellect evolves
and improves every time
he's reborn.
Hey, Playmaker...
the first one to fly past
that pillar of wind
chooses who goes
first in the duel.
Agreed?
Yes, Bohman.
Then game on!
Whoa!
Bohman's hangin' ten
like a boss!
(rumbling)
Whoa.
While you're barely hanging on!
If you let the winds rip ya,
we won't just lose this race!
We'll lose our lives!
Yes, I know that, Ai.
But don't forget we've had
practice riding
a Data Storm before.
Ooh, yeah, the good ol' days.
When we knew
who the enemies were
because they looked enemy-ish
and had names
that rhymed with embarrass.
Who'd of thought that
after everything we did,
it would all end up
in an all-out war
between the Ignises!
Like all that hard work
for nothing.
I disagree.
Instead, Ai...
Look at it as another challenge
that we must overcome.
Yeah...
You're right.
Nothing's stopped us before,
and nothing's stoppin' us now!
(rumbling)
Huh!
Ah!
(Ai)
Playmaker! Watch out!
Yusaku!
(Kolter)
Yusaku, no!
That sure was a close one.
But Bohman's still in the lead.
It looks like I won
our little race.
So I'm choosing to go second
in our duel.
Shocker!
It is time, Playmaker!
Let's go!
Speed Duel!
It's my turn.
(Ai)
We gotta knuckle up, Playmaker.
Bohman chose to go second
because you're not allowed
to attack on the first turn.
If he busts out
JUDGMENT ARROWS
to double his monster's attack
points like last time,
he can cream us like corn.
You're right, Ai.
But only if I don't
shore up my defenses,
which I won't fail to do.
Starting with this,
The spell CYNET MINING!
I can get a Level 4
or lower Cyberse
monster from my deck
by sending one card
in my hand to the graveyard.
So I exchange DOTSCAPER...
for this!
My Level 4 monster,
CYBERSE GADGET!
Which I will now summon
out to my field!
(computer chirping)
And CYBERSE GADGET's
special ability activates!
It allows me to revive a Level 2
or lower monster
from my graveyard
in defense mode.
Come on back, DOTSCAPER!
(computer chirping)
But this monster won't be
staying on my field for long!
Because I'm setting DOTSCAPER
in the Link Arrow
to Link Summon!
Link 1 LINKURIBOH!
(computer chirping)
(indistinct language)
And then...
DOTSCAPE
R's special
ability activates!
When it's sent to the graveyard,
it resummons itself to my field!
(computer chirping)
Next up...
I'll Link Summon again!
The summoning conditions require
two Cyberse monsters
so I set CYBERSE GADGET
and LINKURIBOH
in the Link Arrows!
I now Link Summon!
Link 2 CYBERSE WITCH!
(computer chirping)
Since I sent my CYBERSE
GADGET to the graveyard,
I can activate its
special ability to summon
a GADGET TOKEN to my field!
(computer chirping)
And doing so triggers my
CYBERSE WITCH's ability!
When a monster is summoned
next to
CYBERSE WITCH's link,
I can banish a spell card
from my graveyard
to add a Ritual Spell
and a Cyberse Ritual Monster
from my deck to my hand.
So I banish CYNET MINING
from my graveyard...
to add CYNET RITUAL
and CYBERSE MAGICIAN
to my hand!
CYBERSE WITCH can also resummon
a Level 4
or lower Cyberse monster
from my graveyard,
so I resurrect
CYBERSE GADGET!
(computer chirping)
That lets me activate,
my Ritual Spell CYNET RITUAL!
I tribute
my Level 2 GADGET TOKEN,
Level 4 CYBERSE GADGET
and Level 1 DOTSCAPER!
I, Ritual Summon!
CYBERSE MAGICIAN!
(clanks)
Ooh!
(computer chirping)
And I'll equip it with this!
My Equip Spell, GRID ROD!
It not only protects my MAGICIAN
from your effects and abilities,
but it also stops
my MAGICIAN
from being destroyed
in battle once per turn!
And it gives my MAGICIAN
300 extra attack points!
(timer beeping)
Oh, yeah!
Bohman's not
bustin' thru this!
And with that
I'm ending my turn.
You're up, Bohman.
Wow...
I can't believe he summoned
a monster
as powerful
as CYBERSE MAGICIAN
on his very first turn.
Bohman's sure got his work
cut out for him.
Playmaker,
a bit earlier you had
talked about your plan...
To shore up your defenses
to make it impenetrable
against my attacks.
Maybe a plan such as that
would've worked
against the old Bohman.
But as you'll soon see,
it won't work against me now!
It's my turn!
I draw!
I summon HYDRADRIVE
BOOSTER! (computer chirping)
And...
I'll use it to generate
my circuit!
I Link Summon!
Link 1 FLOW HYDRADRIVE!
(roars)
(computer chirping)
And next I activate...
the spell HYDRADRIVE REBUILD!
It destroys one HYDRADRIVE
on my field.
So FLOW HYDRADRIVE, be gone!
Huh? Why would he wanna
destroy his own card?
Because that triggers
FLOW HYDRADRIVE's
special ability.
(Bohman)
Correct you are, Playmaker.
When FLOW HYDRADRDIVE
is destroyed,
I can summon a HYDRADRIVE TOKEN
in defense mode.
Uhh, yeah...
But I'd rather have
FLOW HYDRADRIVE
than a tiny TOKEN...
No one has ever said
that I can't have both.
HYDRADRIVE REBUILD's
additional effect activates,
letting me resummon
a HYDRADRIVE
from my graveyard
by negating
its special abilities.
That allows me to bring back
FLOW HYDRADRIVE
to my Main Monster Zone!
(computer chirping)
I see!
By destroying and resurrecting
FLOW HYDRADRIVE,
you were able to move it
from your Extra Monster Zone
to your Main Monster Zone.
And if it's in my
Main Monster Zone...
I'm allowed to activate...
the Link Spell JUDGMENT ARROWS!
Which will double my
monster's attack points
when I attack!
That sure don't tickle my toes,
but on the bright side
even if he doubles
his monster's attack points,
our CYBERSE MAGICIAN
is still stronger.
You're right.
But I intend to change that
by activating this spell!
HYDRADRIVE DEFRAGMENT
allows me to destroy
your Equip Spell, GRID ROD!
You see, GRID ROD may protect
your monster
from destruction...
but it cannot protect itself!
(timer beeping)
Uh...
that changed nothing, dude.
Even with double
the attack points,
CYBERSE MAGICIAN is still
stronger than your monster!
Now, now, patience little one,
patience.
Did you really think
I was done with all my moves?
I'm just getting started!
I set my HYDRADRIVE TOKEN
in the Link Arrow!
I Link Summon!
Link 1 BURN HYDRADRIVE!
Next I activate HYDRADRIVE
DEFRAGMENT's effect
from my graveyard!
By banishing this card,
I can retrieve
a HYDRADRIVE spell card
from my graveyard.
So HYDRADRIVE REBUILD
returns to my hand!
Is that the card he used
to create a loopy loop
to get more monsters?
Ah, it is!
I activate HYDRADRIVE REBUILD
once again!
And destroy BURN HYDRADRIVE!
By doing so,
BURN HYDRADRIVE's
special ability activates,
allowing me to summon
a HYDRADRIVE TOKEN!
And like with my
FLOW HYDRADRIVE,
BURN HYDRADRIVE
resurrects too!
(computer chirping)
And now,
I'll generate my circuit again!
I set my HYDRADRIVE TOKEN
in the Link Arrow
to Link Summon!
Link 1 COOLANT HYDRADRIVE!
(computer chirping)
These are the same
three monsters
he had in our last duel.
And if history
is to repeat itself,
he'll use them to summon
his most powerful monster!
Here I go Playmaker!
The summoning conditions
require three HYDRADRIVE
Link Monsters.
I Link Summon!
Link 3
TRIDENT HYDRADRIVE LORD!
(computer chirping)
That monster almost
beat us last time,
and we got less to work
with this time!
Your chances of victory
are dimming, Playmaker.
Because my TRIDENT
HYDRADRIVE LORD
gains the abilities
of the three monsters
I used to summon it.
And if any of your monsters
share those Attributes,
their special abilities
are negated!
That means his TRIDENT
has three Attributes:
Wind,
Water,
and Fire.
Then it's a good thing
CYBERSE MAGICIAN
is a Dark Attribute
cuz that means we can
still use its abilities!
What you say is true
but you are focusing
on the wrong thing.
Which is that my TRIDENT
is now strong enough
to destroy your MAGICIAN!
Aww, glitch!
I will now place
one card facedown!
(computer chirping)
And then...
TRIDENT HYDRADRIVE LORD
attack CYBERSE MAGICIAN!
And due to JUDGMENT
ARROWS's effect,
it will be an attack
that's twice as strong!
(timer beeping)
Not so fast Bohman!
When CYBERSE MAGICIAN
battles a Link Monster,
it gains 1000 attack
points. (timer beeping)
It matters not.
My TRIDENT is still stronger!
I'm also going to activate
GRID ROD's effect
from my graveyard!
It prevents my CYBERSE MAGICIAN
from being destroyed
in battle this turn.
And CYBERSE MAGICIAN
has its own ability.
All the damage I take
is cut in half!
(whirring)
(grunts)
(shooting)
(blasting)
(Playmaker grunts)
(timer beeping)
I have a question for you,
Playmaker.
You had to use every card
in your arsenal
to survive this turn,
so how do you expect
to survive the next one?
With one thing we have
that you don't!
And once we figure out
what that is,
you better watch out!
Now that it's our turn,
I draw!
Huh?
Oh! Ha!
I'll start my turn...
by playing...
RESUME MACE!
Ha!
I equip this spell on
my CYBERSE MAGICIAN!
RESUME MACE lowers my MAGICIAN's
attack points by 800.
(timer beeping)
What? Did Playmaker just weaken
his own monster?
If I send RESUME MACE
to the graveyard,
then the original attack points
of my CYBERSE MAGICIAN
are doubled!
Ah, I see.
That would allow you to destroy
my TRIDENT HYDRADRIVE LORD
at least in theory.
That's right!
I attack--
(Ai)
Waaaaaait!
Huh?
Before you attack,
I think you should play
the card you just drew.
Seriously!
The one I just drew?
But we don't need to use it yet.
I know we don't need to,
but I think we want to.
If Bohman is evolvin' and
getting stronger by the moment,
then we gotta take our chances
while we still can...
instead of savin'
that card for later.
I don't know, Ai--
But I do! I do! I do!
I really do!
Like a thousand percent do!
A thousand percent?
Okay, not a thousand...
Maybe not even a hundred
or a ten
but my gut's tellin' me
to play it,
which is crazy cuz
I don't have any guts.
I don't know why
but you just gotta
trust me on this one.
Very well.
Now, I'm going to activate
the Equip Spell SUSPEND WAND
from my hand!
And equip it on
CYBERSE MAGICIAN!
You're playing another
Equip Spell?
Go! CYBERSE MAGICIAN!
Attack!
Go!
CYBERSE MAGICIAN!
Attack!
I activate...
my SUSPEND WAND's effect!
What?
Why are you activating that?
That card will not help you
destroy my monster.
Yes,
this card won't help
do that at all.
In fact you can say
it's a detriment to me.
Because any damage I now take,
is doubled!
What?
And it gets even worse for you!
Because JUDGMENT ARROWS doubles
TRIDENT HYDRADRIVE LORD's
attack points.
But CYBERSE MAGICIAN's
own ability
raises its attack points
by 1000!
(Bohman)
That's not enough!
(shooting)
(blasting)
(Playmaker grunts)
I don't get it...
Why would Playmaker
want to take more damage?
The thing about SUSPEND WAND
is that--
Sure, we take double the damage,
but in exchange,
it prevents CYBERSE MAGICIAN
from being destroyed in battle.
Plus, CYBERSE MAGICIAN's
additional ability
cuts the damage we take in half.
So double the damage,
then half the damage, is a wash!
Well, a rough wash
with a grout scrubber,
but we're still
alive and clean!
And SUSPEND WAND
has an additional effect!
It lets CYBERSE
MAGICIAN attack again!
Attacking me twice in a row?!
Now go, CYBERSE MAGICIAN!
Attack TRIDENT HYDRADRIVE LORD!
And for this attack,
I activate RESUME MACE's effect!
I can double CYBERSE MAGICIAN's
original attack points
(computer chirping)
by sending my MACE
to the graveyard!
Raising it to 5000
attack points!
(timer beeping)
But JUDGMENT ARROWS
doubles my monster's
attack points as well!
(timer beeping)
And with my MAGICIAN's ability,
It gains 1000
attack points!
(timer beeping)
But I can raise its
attack points even higher!
By sending SUSPEND WAND
to the graveyard,
CYBERSE MAGICIAN
gains attack points
equal to the battle damage
I took this turn!
(timer beeping)
7900 attack points?!
This is not characteristic
of Playmaker's dueling style.
He could've used his RESUME MACE
to destroy my monster,
but he used SUSPEND WAND
also so that he could deal me
as much damage as possible,
even going so far as to damage
his own life points.
Why such a risky strategy?
Huh?
Cuz it's the right one!
I see now.
It was your idea.
Go, CYBERSE MAGICIAN!
(Playmaker)
Attack!
(shooting)
(groans)
(computer chirping)
(timer beeping)
Not good!
Playmaker still has
another monster on his field
that he's able to attack with.
If he does, Bohman
's beat!
Remember how he said we
wouldn't survive our next turn?
Looks like he was talking
to the mirror!
(Ai laughing)
Did you really think
that you could defeat me
that easily?
I activate my trap,
PROPERTY FLASH!
For every 1000 points
of damage that I took,
I place a Property Counter
on this card.
And for the rest of this turn,
you're no longer
allowed to attack.
I can't?
Aw, we were so close to winning!
(Bohman)
No, you weren't.
In fact...
you became so impatient
that you wasted
your cards carelessly.
But it wasn't your strategy,
was it?
No.
It was Ai's.
And I'd do the same
strategy again!
Cuz when I see a chance
to win the duel
instead of dragging it
on and on,
I'm taking it!
I didn't mean it as an insult.
Quite the opposite.
Because it would take a special
AI to choose
not to make
the most logical plays.
Lightning once told me
that you have one key attribute
that I do not possess.
Movie star looks?
No, you have something that
shouldn't be programmable.
You, Ai, have what is called...
Instinct.
Instinct?
I stink?
But I shower every day!
Okay, I don't.
You may truly be an Ignis
unlike any other.
The key to everything!